well howdy there internet people as a
bow again and it is a dark and stormy
night and Momo is coming okay so those
for those who don't know there has been
a Momo scare in the United States there
were news reports warnings from police
warnings from schools Momo was gonna
hack into your kids phone tell them to
kill themselves Momo is going to contact
your kid over whatsapp an issue
challenges and those challenges get
progressively stranger and then they
call culminate and the child killing
themselves
Momo will splice into YouTube children
shows until your toddler throw themself
in the trashcan okay so what is Momo
really it's a mean it's a mean it's been
around first time I heard about it from
my kid was about a year and a half ago
about a year and a half ago and they
know it's a joke it's creepypasta
it's a ghost story for the 21st century
instead of being told around the globe
the campfire it's told around the globe
the Kindle or the I've had and the kids
they know it's a joke they do listen to
my oldest talking to his buddies today
about it they thought it was hilarious
the parents were freaking out because
this is old news to them the so why was
it so scary because like all great ghost
stories it revealed something about
ourselves
it was much scarier than the ghost we
don't really spend enough time with our
kids you know
we have no idea what's our kids phones
we use YouTube children shows as a
babysitter maybe it happened we wouldn't
know instinctively we know this is wrong
we know that the society we have created
that allows this demands this certainly
isn't a condemnation of parents this is
the way modern society is we don't spend
enough time with our kids we're not
involved generally and it is it's a
societal thing we sell hours of our life
every day to some faceless entity
most times suffering this greed that we
will never question at the expense of
our families so in a way I want to thank
Nomo because
probably helped a lot of people realize
what's important probably helped a lot
of people focus on their kids just a
little bit more and even just a little
bit more is a lot I'll tell you some
things that are scarier than Momo in the
next 24 hours in the United States 1439
teens will attempt suicide 2795 teen
girls will become pregnant 15,000 and
six teams will try drugs for the first
time thirty five hundred and six will
run away and two will be murdered it's a
whole lot scarier than Momo and it's
real so maybe Milo's good thing maybe
like most good stories it has a wall and
that moral is to become a little bit
more involved if you can anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night